Add xml related fixed for `2201.10.0` release note (#9206)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.10.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Improvements

> - A bug that resulted in an invalid subtype for concatenation between an xml value and a value of string subtype has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A bug that resulted in an invalid static type for concatenation of operands of an XML and string subtype has been fixed.
```

```ballerina
public function main() {
    xml<xml:Element> x = xml `<bar/>`;
    string s1 = "foo";

>     // used to result in error: incompatible types: expected 'xml<(xml:Element|xml:Text)>', found 'xml'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Used to result in an incompatible types error, allowed now.
```

    xml<xml:Element|xml:Text> r1 = x + s1;

    "foo"|"bar" s2 = "foo";

>     // used to emit no error for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Compile-time error now.
```

    xml<xml:Element|xml:Comment> r2 = x + s2;
}
```

> - A bug that resulted in a compile time error for attribute access of an xml variable of non `xml:Element` type singleton value and the union of xml singleton types have been fixed.

Reviewer: This is not a breaking change, right?

Reviewer: We can skip this if so.

Author: Added this under the `Improvements` section can't this be considered as an improvement

Reviewer: We can just remove it. Since it is a bug fix. 

We only list backward-incompatible bug fixes here.

### Improvements

- A bug that resulted in an invalid subtype for concatenation between an xml value and a value of string subtype has been fixed.

> - A bug that resulted in an invalid static type for concatenation of operands of an XML and string subtype has been fixed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A bug that caused an invalid static type for concatenating operands of an XML and string subtype has been fixed.
```

### Bug fixes

## Backward-incompatible changes

> - A bug that allowed assigning optional xml attribute access of a variable of static type `xml:Element` to invalid static type `string?`, has been fixed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A bug that permitted the assignment of an optional XML attribute access from a variable with a static type of `xml:Element` to an invalid static type of `string?` has been fixed.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A bug that caused an invalid static type to be set for optional XML attribute access with a variable of type `xml:Element` has been fixed for compliance with the specification. The static type now includes `error`.
```

```ballerina
public function main() {
    xml:Element xe = xml `<x attr="e"/>`;

>     string? xmlResult = xe?.attr; // Used to get compiled successfully, now gives a compile time error
>     // incompatible types: expected 'string?', found '(string|error)?'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    string? xmlResult = xe?.attr; // Compile-time error now.
```

## Backward-incompatible changes

>  A bug that caused an invalid static type to be set for optional XML attribute access on `xml:Element` has been fixed for compliance with the specification. The static type now includes `error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Language changes

 A bug that caused an invalid static type to be set for optional XML attribute access on `xml:Element` has been fixed for compliance with the specification. The static type now includes `error`.
```

```ballerina
public function main() {
    xml:Element xe = xml `<x attr="e"/>`;

>     string? xmlResult = xe?.attr; // Compile-time error now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    string? attr = xe?.attr; // Compile-time error now.
```
